= Speed

Quick and easy timing for ruby methods which can be used to time code in controllers or models for rails

== Installation

Speed can be installed either as a rails plugin or as a gem.

== Basic Usage

Speed is extremely easy to use, and super light weight. All you need to do is include Speed into the class or module you require timed methods for, and put your code that you need timed into our timer block, and the results can be viewed with the 'speed' method, which is a hash of all your timers.

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'speed'
  
  module TestSpeed
    include Speed
    
    def TimeMe
      timer(:time_me_method) do
       sleep(2)
      end
      
      puts speed[:time_me_method]   # Will return the speed in seconds
    end
  end
  
Speed also allows you to have multiple timers in timers, so you can break your code into different timed blocks.

== Usage in Rails

We created this gem to time how long some of our controllers took to render. This is how we use it:

  class SearchController < ApplicationController
    include Speed
    
    def results
      timer(:results) do
        @results = Product.search(params[:keyword])
      end
      
      @timer = speed[:results]
    end
  end

If you install this gem as a rails plugin, you wont need to 'include Speed' in your controllers or models. This would be done for you.


  
Follow me on twitter: http://twitter.com/ryan_za

Email: ryan *at* platform45.com


== License

Copyright (c) 2009 Platform45

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.